added alt attribute to gif (#19368)
mdn/content: files/en-us/games/techniques/tilemaps/square_tilemaps_implementation_colon__scrolling_maps/index.md

Our scrolling tilemap implementation demo pulls the above code together to show what an implementation of this map looks like. You can take a look at a [live demo](https://mozdevs.github.io/gamedev-js-tiles/square/scroll.html), and see [its source code](https://github.com/mozdevs/gamedev-js-tiles).

> ![A gif showing the movement of a field as you scroll on it.](untitled.gif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Animated gif of a section grass, dirt areas, and trees made from repeated sections of a tilemap showing how you see different sections of the area when you scroll.](untitled.gif)
```
